Canvas by Instructure!
===================

Canvas is a new, open-source [LMS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Learning_management_system) by [Instructure Inc](http://www.instructure.com/). It is released under the [AGPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl.html) license for use by anyone interested in learning more about or using learning management systems.

Are you looking for one of our commercial subscriptions, professional services, support, or our hosted solution? [Please visit our main website](http://www.instructure.com/).

Trying Out Canvas
-----------------

If you'd like to use Canvas in your own course, or you just want try Canvas out, there is no need to do all the work of installing it yourself. Canvas Cloud is Free for Teachers to use, [just sign up](https://canvas.instructure.com/register) to get started.

If at a later time you do want to migrate from your own install to Canvas Cloud, or vice versa, you can use the course export and import features to migrate all your content.

Getting Help
-----------

 * You can join [our announcements mailing list](http://groups.google.com/group/canvas-lms-announce).
 * You can post a message or participate in [our user group mailing list](http://groups.google.com/group/canvas-lms-users).
 * You can join #canvas-lms on [Freenode](http://freenode.net/using_the_network.shtml) and talk to the community.
 * You can read one of our tutorials (below).
 * You can read our [[FAQ]].
 * You can visit our [general Canvas usage support portal](http://support.instructure.com/).
 * You can visit our [Vimeo Channel](https://vimeo.com/instructure).
 * You can read our [API docs](http://api.instructure.com).

Contributing
-----------

In order for us to continue to dual-license our Canvas product to best serve all of our customers, we need you to sign [[our contributor agreement|ica.pdf]] before we can accept a pull request from you. Please read our [[FAQ]] for more information, and be sure to review the [[Coding Guidelines]].

To save yourself a considerable headache, please consider doing development against our master branch, instead of the default stable branch. Our stable branch is occasionally reforked from master, so your Git history may get very confused if you are attempting to contribute changesets against stable.

Security
-----------

We take security very seriously. **Please do not submit issues or pull requests for security issues**. Instead, you can email security@instructure.com and we will respond as soon as possible. You can watch for security advisories to update your Canvas installation on our [Security Notices forum][security-notices].

Installation Tutorials
--------

 * [[Quick Start]]
 * [[Production Start]]
 * [[Upgrading]]
 * [[Troubleshooting your Canvas installation|Troubleshooting]]
 * [[Integrating Canvas with other systems|Canvas Integration]]

Getting Code
-----------
There are two primary ways to get a copy of Canvas LMS

### Using Git

You can install [Git](http://git-scm.com/) on Debian/Ubuntu by running

```
$ sudo apt-get install git-core
```

Once you have a copy of Git installed on your system, getting the latest source for Canvas is as simple as checking out code from the repo, like so:

```
~$ git clone https://github.com/instructure/canvas-lms.git canvas
~$ cd canvas
~/canvas$ git checkout --track -b stable origin/stable
```

### Using a Tarball or a Zip

You can also download a tarball or zipfile.
  
   * [Canvas Tarball](http://github.com/instructure/canvas-lms/tarball/stable)
   * [Canvas Zip](http://github.com/instructure/canvas-lms/zipball/stable)

[security-notices]: https://help.instructure.com/forums/20382721-Security-Notices